Added pitching guidelines and communication links (#736)
publiccodenet/about: activities/events/attending-events.md

* Consider using a shared document to do the planning in, perhaps using [this template](events-planning-template.md).
* Plan your [travels](../staff-management/travel.md).
* Prepare a team chat (that is capable of notifications) if you are more than one staff member attending.

> * Rehearse and make sure you attend to the event with a brief [pitch explaining what the Foundation for Public Code does](../communication/pitching.md). Tailor the pitch to the audience you are going to meet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure you attend the event with a brief, well-rehearsed [pitch explaining what the Foundation for Public Code does](../communication/pitching.md). Tailor the pitch to the audience you are going to meet.
```
